Fix x.y.z version terminology (#3121)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_updating-project-to-next-patch-version.adoc

[id="updating-project-to-next-patch-version_{context}"]
= Updating {Project} to the next patch version

You can update your {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer} to a new patch release version, such as from {ProjectVersion}.0 to {ProjectVersion}.1, by using the {Project} maintain tool.
The patch releases are non-disruptive to your operating environment and often fast.

> {Team} recommends performing updates regularly, because these releases patch security vulnerabilities and minor issues discovered after code is released.

Reviewer: I know this was a problem before, but they don't have to be minor issues (can be major bugs, potentially even data loss bugs). They can also address known issues at the time of release.
```suggestion
{Team} recommends performing updates regularly, because these releases patch security vulnerabilities and other issues.
```

> {Team} recommends performing updates regularly, because these releases patch security vulnerabilities and minor issues discovered after code is released.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform updates regularly, because these releases patch security vulnerabilities and other issues.
```
or even
```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
Perform updates regularly, because these releases patch security vulnerabilities and other issues.
====
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend

Reviewer: If we're really going to nitpick, I'd also replace `patch` with `resolve`. Perhaps even:
```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
Perform updates regularly to resolve security vulnerabilities and other issues.
====
```
